---
title: 27/08
layout: page
date: 2025-08-27
---

Today I woke up around 8.30 and I stayed with my girlfriend until almost noon.
Then I went to the library and I had lunch with my colleague.
I worked until 7 p.m., then went home and had pizza for dinner.
Later, I spent some time improving the aesthetic of this blog and did a few 
other small things. I also took a short nap and relaxed a bit.

I've been thinking about yesterday's page. I talked a lot about new feature on
the project I'm working on. 
I don't like it. I'd like this journal to focus more on how I feel and what I 
think. I want more self-reflection, and introspection.

Still, today I finished the Proof of Concept for my first task, so I’ll have 
something to show my boss tomorrow.

I also experimented with Claude Code, a tool that uses multiple LLMs
to solve tasks. It automatically splits the prompt in smaller ones and assigns
each to a different model.
I'd like to implement Claude Code with Qwen, because it's free. I saw a 
(repository)[https://github.com/1rgs/claude-code-proxy] that might help.

My job makes me feel satisfied. It’s fun, challenging, and instructive.
After just one week, I can say I really enjoy this field, and I love applying 
what I’ve studied over the years.

But I also notice that work takes over. When I’m working, I feel like I’m doing 
what I’m supposed to: I feel fulfilled. But because of that, I neglect other 
things that are more important.
For example, today I ate frozen pizza. 
I’d really like to learn how to cook properly and start cooking more often.

I still need to go to the doctor — that’s very important.

Most of all, I’ve noticed that even when I stop working, my mind doesn’t. 
I don’t disconnect the way I’d like.
I keep writing code or thinking about side projects, which are not related to 
work, but still technical. 
And in those moments, I don’t pay enough attention to my girlfriend.

On the other hand, I feel more emotional and present in the mornings.
The more I work, the more I seem to lose touch with my feelings and empathy. 
It’s like part of me becomes numb.
