--- 
layout: page
title: 12/05
category: pagina
---

Today I woke up quite late, around 9, I think.
After lunch I went back home to finish to dry the last clothes.
I also finished the coding part of the last assignment of machine learning B.
It took quite some time. To complete the assignment I need to comment the code.
I feel like I am losing my routine. I tend to go to sleep very late. And so I am
tired during the day. It's something I want to conquer back.
I also want to find some time to read. I think I barely read what I am supposed
to for the university, and I want to read books also in my free time. 
Today I have little to say, because I basically spent the whole day in front of
my PC. I begin to feel the pressure to study again. I feel like I have to study
over me wanting to study.
On the other hand, today's code was super interesting, I noticed what kind of
influence the batch training has. It improves the converges so much and it makes
the whole training much cheaper.  
Tomorrow I have a lecture of Integrative and Structural Biology. I wanted to
read a bit about it before it was held, but I don't think I will manage to.
I realize, I don't have that much free time, because I study slowly. I mean I
take my time to go through the topics. I'm not rushing them. If anything, I
think this is a good approach. But I really need to think about the other
course, Integrative and Structural Biology.  
I need to put in some effort to produce some notes on every and each technique
that we talked about during the course. Then, I want to start reading some
papers.
