--- 
layout: page
title: 14/05
category: pagina
---

Today I woke up at 7 and I got out of the bed quite fast, even though yesterday
I went to sleep very late: after one in the morning.
Since yesterday I started reading and taking notes on one paper of Integrative
and Structural Biology each day. Basically, I mean that I've been doing it 
yesterday and today.
The topics seems super interesting, and most importantly the papers are much
less complex than the computer science, ML ones. I mean ML papers take about one
day per paper. The main reason for that is that the paper is so much heavy on
the math, that I lose the determination to study. On the other hand, the biology
papers seems much lighter. It might be because I already heard the lecture on
the topics and I am not studying brand new topics.
I've been attending also the ML lectures. They are finally getting interesting.
Today the topics where VC-dimension, which is basically the way we measure how
good ML algorithm is. The bigger the better. We also introduce the PAC topic,
which is the first time I heard about it and I don't know why: it's super
important. The name PAC is super funny, especially if you don't know ML: 
Probably Approximately Correct Learning. The field is highly theoretical and it
aims to find a good hypothesis function to describe a concrete function with a little
error. Meaning, the hypothesis function should approximate the concrete 
function as good as possible, let's say with a probability error smaller than 
$\delta$. I've been pushing myself a bit this week.
