--- 
layout: page
title: 26/01
category: pensiero
---

I want to build a self-improvement plan, to live my days healthier.
The golden rule is: "weekends are to cool off".
Thus, I want to complete my have-to during the week. 
The have-to are university and job related activities.
Weekend are needed for reflection:
- what made me proud (success)
- what disappointed me (failure)
- what impressed me (unexpectedly good)
- what appalled me (unexpectedly bad)
- what risks have I faced

At the end of the day, I have to write some thought about the day.
In this way, in the weekend I can always write some comment.
The point about reflection is that it has to happen at least one day of the
weekend. 
Meaning, if I write on Saturday and I want to write on Sunday I will
keep the same page.
I will not distinguish weekend reflection and weekday review.
This is a super important point, I need to be humble, without expecting myself
to do too much. Most of all, I need to keep my feet on the ground.
I don't need bullshit to feel better. Hence, maybe I should be harsh and humble.
Yet, compassionate, it is the most important quality. 
The point is improving myself, I don't want to end up hating myself.

Ideas:
- I could pick a day a week in which I try to cook something "little" and new,
  meaning the food only for one day and it shouldn't be something to complex.
- During the weekend I can cook for the week to come, to ease out the pressure.
  It's something I've been appreciating.
- Learn how to cook some snack. Something salty, to eat every now and then.

Rules:
- Weekends are to cool off
- The day before I plan the day after
- Self improvement ideas are to be written down
- Self improvement ideas are to be reviewed on weekends

This approach is very similar to software engineering, there is only one thing I
am not considering: the risks.
They exist, and it is important to identify them. Thus I should reflect on what
are the dangers that can happen. How can I see if I am falling in one of them.
What can I do to avoid them. What can I do to get out of such situation.
I see it is a huge work to develop, therefore I am going to say that on weekends
I identify the risk or dangers that I faced and I try to review them.
So I am going to talk about them as I face them. I fear it to be a witch hunt
otherwise.
