--- 
layout: page-private
title: Little
category: riflessione
---

I feel like in a cloud  
Wonderful
In the pick of a mountain  
With you (over me)

---

Noting the carelessness she can be over me: she is too little.
I imagined this with us having sex and you over me.
Gentle, calm and clear words.

---

About the time off, I think it's gonna make me more productive on this side.  
I don't think I told you, I have a blog, where I write my thoughts. 
Of course I share my thoughts with you, but I might feel like elaborate more 
complex ideas, and I wanna keep track of them.
I will probably discuss with you about them, that's pretty much the point.

This might have been I way I discovered to manage myself. 
It's super easy, you just write every day what you did that day.
At the start you fall in a little depression because you realize the amount of
time you put into "useless" things.  
After a while you will realize that's normal and you actually need that time to
rest during the day.
I think it brings you very much to reality, to your life, costantly every day,
I like it so much. Yet after some time I write I lose interest, I have it so
hard to be consistant.

Yet I think that what matters is keeping it for a big amount of time.

---

I appreciate the quick and surprising way by which you give me your key.
An act that impose us to meet again. Followed by the request to give those keys
to the Argentinian boy to rent your place. 
On my hand, I doubt you will rent your place. I will be happy to be proven
wrong. Yet the act make me feel somewhat relieved.
