--- 
layout: page-private
title: 20/12
category: riflessione
---

I think I would appreciate somebody I can talk about what I like with.
I mean I like computer science and machine learning and maybe also protein
sinthesys. More in general I like to talk about science and some science
discovery.
I think I would like somebody who can make me appreciate this topics more than I
currently do. I find this feature in my friends and I don't think I appreciate
that you turn down the topic when I talk about it.
Not all of my friends are into physic and science, so I also understand that you
don't want to talk about it. I am a nerd and bookish, so I appreciate these kind
of people.  

I really appreciate you studying psychology and journalism, because I value so
much reading. I want somebody who stimulates me on this, who suggests cool books
to read and to entertain myself with.
I am generally interested in psychology, well I don't really have much to say
about it, in the same way I am curious about science, I am about psychology and
in particular the intersection of psychology with computer science is very
interesting to me.
Such intersection can be seen under two quite distinct point of view (maybe more
and talking with you might be beneficial on this point):
- artificial intelligence. Psychology studies (not only) how our brain works. We
  then emulate the models developed by psychologists to check how far away from
  reality they are. So we can improve and become more precise.
- social data science. Which is what you study. I suppose, another way to refer
  to it is by Psychohistory. A field that particularly interest me on the topic
  is group psychohistory.
