--- 
layout: page-private
title: 30/12
category: riflessione
---

I want to tell you a couple of things.

First of all, I don't like when you say that I should not like computer science
or that I don't like it.
At the time being I like it. And I hope you can accept this much.
It might not be the same in the future, but I really like it right now.
Also, there are many things that I like doing, therefore it might be that I
don't like doing it every day, all day long for months or years. Yet, it doesn't
mean, that I don't like it. Sometimes I need to take a break from it. 
And I assure you, I like computer science.  

Second, I lied to you about my past a little bit.
I mean I am cleaner than I told you. 
You give me the feeling you already thought this much. 
But I've never admitted it to you until the moment I tell you this.
I was surely in love with the friend of mine and I'm confindent it was mutual.
I've never wanted anything from her, though.
Because she didn't like to study. More precisely, I didn't think she would have
studied at the university. She actually did for 2 years, and then she gave up.
Sometimes I think, if I would had been her boyfriend, she had thought about a
different future for herself. 
Also she might had needed somebody to support her more.
Anyway, I didn't feel to be such a person and I closed down the friendship at
the end of the highschool.

About my past experiences, the only one I had was when I was 17. And it was
awesome. I'm gonna tell you soon enough.
