--- 
layout: page-private
title: 14/02
category: riflessione
---

When I am with you, I feel like I don't want anything else.
Maybe a get more passive. 
Because I am afraid that whatever I propose to do will be rejected.
For example, at the start when we spent time together, I proposed you to do some
walking nearby, to explore your neighborhood and you never wanted.
I guess this is the activity I like the most, because it stimulates my mind, I
feel like I can think more clearly when I walk.
I've been walking so little since I met you. Also I met you at the end of
November, hence the coldest month.  

You also propose me to do something, for example
- swimming
- going to Oslo
- going to Milan
- ...

I do want to do these things, but I also feel overwhelmed by the things I
already feel like I need to do.
I also find it hard to plan when I am with you. You keep saying you are going to
do something, and then you don't i.e. going to class. 
I think that I get pleasure when my planning get satisfied, so because of you, I
feel less pleasure. Of course, you give me other kind of pleasure.
This happens a lot when I spend time with other people and it is also the reason 
why I don't like to spend time with people.
Also, the amount of time you spend sleeping annoys me a lot.
I rationalize it, meaning probably you need to sleep that much, and probably I
can do something while you're sleeping.  

I feel like you don't listen to me. You ignore most of the things I suggest or
tell you. 
For example, I prepared the lunch for you many times, you almost never ate it.
