--- 
layout: page-private
title: 16/03
category: riflessione
---

I don't feel safe to move with you at the moment.
I talked a lot with my family. I am sure the moment I will want to move with you
and I will feel safe to do so, my family will tell me not to do so. They are the
kind of people who tells me not to do it, doesn't matter what. Because they want
me to be very resolute about it. I should not do it impulsively.  
I don't think I would have moved out of impulse. 
At the moment I don't feel like moving. There are many reason for this, of
course, as there are many reason of the opposite.
I think the greatest reason for my insecurity derives by how fast you went
back to China.

- I don't like that every time I go back to my place, you fly somewhere else.
- I don't like that you do it and you tell me about it only after.
- I don't feel safe with this behavior or yours.
- You give me little stability.
- I want to check the place we are moving to with you.
- I think you are too emotional every day.
    - You repeat the same thing in a very short amount of time.
    - It makes me feel abused.
    - I feel like I can't feel anything, because your emotions have priority.
    - You stopped to talk with me, because I didn't take your backpack.
    - You tell me to go away, much too often.
- I feel like we perceive time as point, rather than dimension.
- We lack planning skills, daily, weekly, and monthly.
- I didn't see your father.
- I think you tell me too many bullshit.
    - You don't answer on point.
    - You talk about money.
    - You are just so spoiled.
- I think that unhappy wife means unhappy life.
- I have it so hard to see you happy.
- I feel like you ignore most of what I say and think.
- I feel like you want to win over me, instead of winning with me.
    - E.g. I proposed you some movies, you turn them down in the first minute.
    - Yet you complain we do little things together.
    - You complain so much if we don't watch the movie you propose.
- I think I am loosing myself in you. I think way less about:
    - Where I am: what goals I've achieved.
    - What I want: defining my goals.
    - Planning: how to achieve my goals.
- I perceive this as fundamental, considering my age.

I would like to move in with you in three months from now.
I would like to see some progress in us, me, and you in the meantime.
I think you really want to move.
I think we shouldn't move in together, yet. We're not mature enough.
Also, I want to save the money, to go to Italy one weak earlier, we could go to
Milan, I think.

---

MOST IMPORTANTLY:

- Why do you want to move together?
- What do you expect out of me?

- I am still a baby, I can't take responsibility.
98 17 17 27 -> 2, at 12.30
20459575


