--- 
layout: page
title: 09/05
category: pagina
---

Today I woke up around 7. It took 1h to convince myself to get out of
the bed. I took a shower right away. Little Bambi joined me soon after. I had
three pieces of bread with some jam over it. I made one more for little Bambi. I
drank some milk and some water with vitamin. She drank coffee with the machine
she just bought. She's not happy about the taste. I've just suggested her to try
different capsules, she might like it better.  
Then, we got out of her around 9. I went to the eye doctor by bus. I was a bit
short on the time, so I reloaded the trip computation on Google Maps and I
figured I could save 10min by changing the bus. The same was true for Bambi.
I got at the doctor's office 15min before. She was free, so the surgery started
right away. At 9.45 I was already out of the laboratory.  
I had an eye covered with an eye patch. So I decided to go to my campus by
walking. It took about 20min. I also stopped by the pharmacy to buy the
antibiotics.  
At the university I prepared myself for the career day that was taking place in
the afternoon. I also found out the lunch was not included. I did a little
research on each company that seemed to be interesting to me.
Basically, I used the following prompt on DeepSeek with the search option
activated:

"I'm preparing for an interview at [Company] for the role of intern in machine
learning. Can you give me a summery of their mission, key products or services,
and any recent news? Use their website [Company link] and press releases for 
details."

I think it worked nice: I mean I got a quick first impression on the companies.
The company that gave me the best impression is NetCompany. But it has nothing
to do with biology.

When the event concluded I went to study to Black diamond some hours.
I mainly applied some modifications to my CV, following a JobIndex employer's
indications.

I have some ideas in my mind:
- the website based on Markdown I built is super similar to Obsidian.
- is it possible to create something similar for mobile?
- the main task is actually learning (Electron)[https://www.electronjs.org/]
- basically, once I have the MD, I know how to generate the HTML
- if I want to build such an application I need to build the opposite way:
  from the HTML, with some JavaScript, I need to modify the MD

I might be interested in this.
But most importantly, I really want to find a job now. I was checking my bank
account and it was sometime that it wasn't this low. I feel like I want to work
and I also need to work. Outlier does not seem to provide any job, therefore I
am going to apply for something else in the meantime.
