---
title: 29/08
layout: page
author: Carlo Rosso
date: 2025-08-29
---

Idea for the Chinese classmate of mine, she is going to do a project to apply ML
to improve the content of computer science courses for neurodiverse people.

(Web) Accessibility aims to make content accessible to as many people as people,
it includes neurodiverse people. So you can go through the guidelines for
accessibility for neurodiverse people, in this way you have a better understand
of the kind of things you can do to improve the content to help them out.
The second step is to develop a ML program that provided some content
elaborates it for neurodiverse people in the way that is most helpful for them.

Basically, accessibility already studied what can be useful for anybody. You
focus on neurodiverse people. As far as I know accessibility doesn't provide the
way you should do it, it only tells you what neurodiverse people struggle with.
It means that some of the analysis you need to do to work on the project is
already out there.

To tackle the problem you need to:
1. Understand the problem neurodiverse people go through when they consult CS
   content.
2. Figure out a way to solve such problem, or minimize it.
3. Develop a ML pipeline that takes as an input some content.
4. Returns the same material more accessible for neurodiverse people.

Another thing you can do regards scoring the content to evaluate how 
accessible it is for neurodiverse people.
I would say accessibility can help you out on this regard as well. Maybe you can
also find some dataset online.
So you produce a tool to indicate whether some content should be improved, with
focus on neurodiverse.

As a rule of thumb, I think that you should focus on some specific input, for
example text input, or images, or video. And tackle the problem with focus on
such content.

Maybe you find out that text is very hard to go through for neurodiverse people,
so you can develop a model that changes the form of the content, i.e. from text
to video, or pictures, or something.



