--- 
layout: page-private
title: 09/01
category: riflessione
---

I am scared of something.
I am scared that if I write something about the way I think, then I am going to
think is such a way, without changing.
The more I think about it the less it makes sense, because my thoughts do
evolve, less then I think and more than I think.  
Sometimes I read myself again after an year or so and I am surprised by the time
I got my resolve on something. Usually I give an earlier credit, while in
reality I was set up for the thing way in the past.

---

Past, present and futures. The world is not deterministic, it might be causal.
It means that, when we see something happen now, there is always a reason for it
to be happening. On the other hand, present can cause different futures. The
last statement might be the reason why the world is not deterministic.

---

I have the feeling I have forgotten something. 
I don't know what that is. It's something little and I can survive without it.
I feel like I'm missing a question.
The question, maybe some questions, maybe I didn't forget anything.
I'm only missing the question.

I wrote it on the new year, I had the actual impression I forgot something and I
really did not.

---

I can't be and not perceive, because I am if and only if I feel.
So for my perception, I am and I cannot not be (I can only be),
hence I am endless, meaning I cannot perceive that I am not.

---

To create patterns you need to distinguish two independent concepts:
- base element
- recursion

isolate independent features to augment variation.
