--- 
layout: page-private
title: 12/03
category: riflessione
---

I feel like I'm thinking too much. I know clearly that I want you.
I feel like you were lying to me when you said you loved me. I feel like you
weren't confident. As if you needed to match what I was feeling.
I don't think that's the case. I like you so much.
I love your knowledge. Your clarity, the way you are straightforward, 
I feel like you want to avoid bullshit and loosing time, you prefer people to
speak out loud their mind. I love the dinners you make me. The taste tends to be
too spicy for me to really appreciate it. But I perceive you in the dish and I
love it.  

It's not like I want you doesn't matter what. Lately, I feel like you're testing
me. Maybe it started one week before, maybe it's a bit more. I think I have changed
and I have fucked up something big. I don't really think I've changed, it's more
like our relationship is changing and I don't really like the way it's going.
I feel like I keep making mistakes. I need to stop this. I can be better.  

Lately I feel overwhelmed. I think every week is a little bit too much study at
the university. I feel like I am having it hard to relax, to chill and recharge.
I think I used to do weed to relax. I used to do it everyday.
I'm quitting it and I think my brain is used to relax in such a way, it doesn't
really know how to relax without it.
It might be a reason why the things between the two of us are changing.
I also want to know, what do you think about it?  

I also think I have too many priorities. There are too many things I want to do.
I should cut off some of them, because I don't feel like it's sustainable.  
The opposite, I feel like I want to do too many things and I end up doing too
little of them. I should plan my time better.  

I feel weak, and misunderstood. I feel like I can't understand myself. I feel
like I was never able to understand myself. I think you've been teaching me so
much, I love the way you welcomed me in your house. And I believe we are going
to have an amazing life. With each other or with somebody else.  
I honestly think I would have it hard to find somebody I like more than you.
I think I would like to spend some time with somebody more motivated. And I am
afraid somebody more motivated would never like me back. I feel like you only
like me, because of my body and face. Maybe you also appreciate that I am
Italian, but I am not sure about it. I want to hug you so bad.
I would like to be a little phantom, without any need. So that I could follow
you everywhere, without you knowing it. Making things just a little bit lighter
for you to manage.
